24 of the panel.
Happy birthday.
So how did it feel to be old?
Chemistry.
It is the study of change.
It is growth, then decay.
Then transformation.
Is what?
We love you, man.
We love you.
Everybody! The wall.
You understood what I've just said to you?
Is lung cancer inoperable?
A substantial amount of methamphetamine
being taken off the streets.
How much money is that?
It's about 700 grand.
It's easy money.
Why don't you say the word and I'll take
you on a ride?
Watch this.
Knock down the meth lab.
Come on.
I'm thinking if you and I could partner up.
You know the business, and I know the
chemistry.
You want to cook crystal meth?
Cooking is...
All.
Actually, it's just basic chemistry.
It's so straight.
Like you just gonna break that wall.
Wait, wait.
Tell me why you're doing this.
I am awake.
There are gonna be some things that you're
comfortable about.
I just want you to know that no matter
what paperwork, I have you in my heart.
I run.
You a little excitement in.
Your life.
Sometimes.